# Algo-Trading-Projects
This was a project that I wanted to do to deepen my interest in the world of Algorithmic Trading. Each number is a different topic that I learned in chronological order, with each topic building up on one another for an eventual fully designed trading algorithm, testing each strategy that I learn with the pandas_datareader reading Google Finance. Not only did I learn the integration of programming with finance, but I also learned more about Python's various libraries, such as panda-datareader to access financial data, numpy for simplicity of accessing data within an array,  matplotlib to visualize data, and sklearn for machin learning,  The first topic I learned was to deploy a simple buy high sell model. The second topic I learned were the various technical analysis strategies, such as Absolute Price Oscillation, Bollinger Bands, Exponential Moving Average, Seasonality, Momentum, and so on. The third topic that I learned was different types of machine learning strategies, such as Support Vector Machine, Ordinary Least Squares, K-Nearest Neighbors, and so on. The fourth topic that I learned was different trading strategies that used symbolas for comaparison, such as Double Moving Strategy. The fifth topic that I learned was more sophisticated trading strategies, such as a Mean Reversion strategy that takes volitality into account, and then the sixth topic that I learned was how to use this strategy and implement risk managment procedures such as profit and loss variance, maximum drawdown and excecutions, position, and stop-loss. After this, I went more in depth on the whole basis of algorithmic trading, and built what a fully functional trading system would look like. I built a simulated Liquidity Provider, Order Book Builder, Trading Strategy which implements the doDouble Moving Average strategy, Order Manager, and Market Simulator, as well as all the gateways and paths that are connected between these different parts of the system. I also implemented different backtesters such as a ForLoop backtester and Event-Based backtester to make sure that the algorithm strategy makes net profit with historiaal data. 
